The contribution of new energy to sustainable development and carbon neutralization goals

Due to the rapid consumption of fuel fossils, all countries' needs for new form of energy are also increasingly demanding. So does China. And also, on September 22, 2020, our country put forward the goal of "peak carbon" and "carbon neutralization" officially at the UNGA, which refers to the total amount of carbon dioxide generated by a country or enterprise achieves relatively "zero emission". The Chinese government has made the commitment . Therefore, to vigorously develop the new energy industry is not only the trend of the global energy structure transformation, but also one of the important breakthroughs to address China's, even part of the world's energy and environmental issues .

Broadly speaking, now the main new energy forms in China includes hydropower, nuclear power, wind energy, solar photovoltaic and so on. These new energy sources, by their nature, can provide more clear energy than traditional thermal power, which directly decreases the emission of carbon dioxide. Coal is the primary energy resource in China, which provides more than 70% electricity generation during the past decades .Due to the rapid economic and social development, China’s power generation mix is dominated by thermal power, resulting in rapid growth of CO2 emission during the past decades. Suffering from the two severe problems of energy crisis and global warming, power generation mix should be optimized by installing more new energy during China’s 12th and 13th Five-Year Plan periods.During the 11th five-year plan period, the rapid development of China’s power industry had basically met the needs of national economic and social development, but disorganized growth of power industry caused severe environment pollution. By the end of 2011, the electricity production of thermal power, hydropower, nuclear power, wind power is respectively 82.54%, 14.03%, 1.88% and 1.54%.And the rates became 75.23%,18.08%, 4.36% and 2.33%【1】.It does increases the whole energy produced while reduce the CO2 emission.

And in order to adjust to the development of new energy industry , the structure of other traditional industries is also changing. The influence of energy industry to the eastern regions is larger than it to the western regions,because of capacity of gas and oil. So different regions should do different things so that they can enjoy the welfare of new energy .For example ,the central and western regions should actively develop the tertiary industry and expand fixed asset investment in the new energy industry. relatively the eastern region should implement a strategic shift and actively improve energy effificiency. 【2】a word , It make the economy grows correctly and vigorously. That's one way of sustainable development, both sides are taken cared of.

Then let's look back to the status of China new energy industry. It still has a lot of problems to do with. The development of China's new energy industry in 2004 was a little slow. It‘s the “Renewable Energy Law of the People's Republic of China” gives this industry impetus which was published in 2006. 【3】In accordance with the life cycle theory, new energy is a fast-developing industry. The main reason that lacks the development maybe the technology level.

The future of new energy is bright, but the road must have difficuities and turns. Under the pressure of policies, markets and other reasons, if new energy can face the challenge successfully, vigorously develop the use of automobiles, kitchens, etc., to achieve a certain degree of competitiveness with traditional goods, or even replace traditional goods, then in the future it will definitely be able to walk out of a unique road, but if it stops because of difficulties, then it is quite hard for new energy to get a great Development, and even may die out there. Therefore, for these reasons, I hope that everyone could pay more attention to new energy in the future, and strive to make this new thing have new market and new life, taking it this way to enrich our future and broaden our horizons.

【1】Zeng Ming, Xue Song, Ma Mingjuan, Zhu Xiaoli, New energy bases and sustainable development in China: A review, Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews, Volume 20, 2013, Pages 169-185, ISSN 1364-0321

【2】Bin Xu, Boqiang Lin, Do we really understand the development of China's new energy industry?, Energy Economics, Volume 74, 2018, Pages 733-745, ISSN 0140-9883,

【3】Wu Geng, Zeng Ming, Peng Lilin, Liu Ximei, Li Bo, Duan Jinhui, China׳s new energy development: Status, constraints and reforms, Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews, Volume 53, 2016, Pages 885-896, ISSN 1364-0321